dolog changes (#71)
SpecialeBajs/Rapport: article/performance-comparisons.tex

Giving prices and categories the same or higher input value as the connection between item and user therefore decreases the performance.
On \autoref{fig:ndcg-pas-weights} and \autoref{fig:recall-pas-weights} it can be seen that the graphs fluctuate with the input values that were used.
There could be multiple reasons for this generally not performing well.

> It could be because LightGCN does not utilize feature transformation and the nonlinear activation function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It could be because LightGCN does not utilize feature transformation and uses a nonlinear activation function.
```
